docs/content/1.getting-started/1.index.md, before:

---
description: "Introduction to `nuxt-prisma` and its features as an prisma ORM layer for your Nuxt 3 application."
---

# Introduction

`nuxt-prisma` is an open source Nuxt layer that provides an prisma ORM integration for Nuxt 3 applications.

`nuxt-prisma`:
::list{type="success"}
- Exports `usePrisma` which allows you to access a `PrismaClient` on the server-side, the client is setup following [prisma best practices](https://www.prisma.io/docs/guides/performance-and-optimization/connection-management)
- Exports `resetDatabase`, a testing utility that resets your database, this can be useful for testing, e.g., in a `beforeEach` hook
- Exports `setAbsoluteSqliteDatabaseUrlForPrisma`, a testing and development utility that can be useful when using Prisma with the `sqlite` provider
::

With `usePrisma` Nuxt 3 endpoints will be able to do this:
```ts
// file: ~/server/api/example.get.ts
import { usePrisma } from '@sidebase/nuxt-prisma'

export default eventHandler((event) => {
  const prisma = usePrisma(event)

  return prisma.example.findMany()
})
```

See more in the [Quick Start section](/nuxt-prisma/getting-started/quick-start).
  
## Simplify `nuxt-prisma` integration with sidebase

We developed `nuxt-prisma` as a layer for `sidebase`, the productive Nuxt 3 starter. `sidebase` already integrates `nuxt-prisma` for you and also sets up additional helpers, like running `npx prisma generate` automatically for development and building.

Using sidebase which includes `nuxt-prisma` out of the box is easy, just run:
```sh
npx nuxi@latest init -t community/sidebase
```

Visit the [sidebase quick start](/sidebase/getting-started) to learn more.

Commit message:

chore: start deprecation #6 by announcing it

docs/content/1.getting-started/1.index.md, after:

---
description: "Introduction to `nuxt-prisma` and its features as an prisma ORM layer for your Nuxt 3 application."
---

# Introduction

`nuxt-prisma` was an open source Nuxt layer that provided an Prisma ORM integration for Nuxt 3 applications. It is now in the process of being deprecated in favor of [the sidebase CLI](/sidebase):
::code-group
```bash [npm]
npm create sidebase@latest
```
```bash [pnpm]
pnpm create sidebase@latest
```
```bash [yarn]
# Note: Due to a known problem with `yarn`, it is not possible to force yarn to always use `@latest`: https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn/issues/6587
yarn create sidebase
```
::

It also allows adding Prisma to Nuxt 3 projects and exposes the same helpers and utilities as this layer. The deprecation will comeplete on the 31.01.2023. Afterwards these docs will forward to [the sidebase CLI](/sidebase). Follow [this issue](https://github.com/sidebase/nuxt-prisma/issues/6) for the deprecation.

`nuxt-prisma`:
::list{type="success"}
- Adds `prisma: PrismaClient` to the `event.context.prisma` which allows you to access a `PrismaClient` on the server-side, the client is setup following [prisma best practices](https://www.prisma.io/docs/guides/performance-and-optimization/connection-management)
- Adds `resetDatabase`, a testing utility that resets your database, this can be useful for testing, e.g., in a `beforeEach` hook
::

After setting up your Nuxt 3 app with the sidebase CLI your endpoints will be able to do this:
```ts
// file: ~/server/api/example.get.ts
export default eventHandler((event) => {
  return event.context.prisma.example.findMany()
})
```

See more in the [Quick Start section](/nuxt-prisma/getting-started/quick-start).
